---
title: "March STMU + AGM"
author: qaisjp
---

During [this month's STMU](https://www.facebook.com/events/408493869580985/?ref=46) we will be holding our AGM, and this means we need a new committee!

The positions available are as follows:

- President: Responsible for the overall running of the society and delegation of tasks to all the other members.
- Vice-President: Oversees working with our SIGs (Special Interest Groups) and organising our monthly STMUs (this involves pizza procurement and finding speakers).
- Secretary:
  - Writes newsletters, handles social media, the annual report and minutes during meetings.
  - Also responsible for society apparel such as hoodies.
  - Knowing LaTeX is ideal but not necessary.
- Treasurer:
  - In charge of finances
  - Reimburses society members for expenses.
- 2nd year, 3rd year, Final year, Postgraduate and Old Person representatives
  - Responsible for communication between their years and the Society, and promotes events to their year.
  - Run for the year you will be in *next* year.
  - Year reps are also responsible for a particular project to work on throughout the year.
  - (Our 1st year rep is elected at our EGM in October.)
- Technical Secretary:
  - Maintains technical services and in charge of technical setup for events.
  - Manages the tech subcommittee
  - Experience with server management is recommended.
- Social Secretary:
  - Plans and organises our social events i.e. our pub nights, bowling, etc.
  - Also books venues for our social events.
  - Sets up and heads the committee to organise the ball.
- Hackathon Secretary:
  - In charge of HackSIG.
  - Organises hackathons throughout the year.
  - Finds suitable hackathons the society can attend and organises those events.

##### Send president@comp-soc.com a couple sentences detailing why you would like to run for the position (this will be your manifesto, max 200 words).

##### The deadline for this is Tuesday 11:55pm on 20th March 2018, (was Sunday, now Tuesday). You may run for committee positions on the day, even if you haven't submitted a manifesto.

##### You must be a member to run for election. Membership can be bought online.

##### Please note that executive roles (President, Vice-President, Secretary, Treasurer) need to present a speech of up to 2 minutes, and other committee roles need to present a speech of up to 1 minute.

There are also constitutional amendments, some required by EUSA, which can be found here: https://github.com/compsoc-edinburgh/constitution/pulls.

See you soon,

CompSoc <3 You!
