---
title: "March AGM"
author: rokasg
---

During [our last STMU of the year](https://www.facebook.com/events/2546058098799848/) (6pm, 20th March) we will be holding our AGM, and this means we need a new committee!

The positions available are as follows:

- **President**:
  - Should be someone with lots of free time (2nd years or 5th year students)
  - Responsible for the overall conduct of the society.
  - Should be good at delegating.
- **Vice-President**:
  - Oversees working with our SIGs (Special Interest Groups).
  - Organises monthly STMUs (this involves pizza procurement and finding speakers).
  - Helps the President with everything.
- **Secretary**:
  - Writes newsletters, handles social media, the annual report and minutes during meetings.
  - Also responsible for society apparel such as hoodies.
  - Knowing LaTeX is ideal but not necessary.
  - Nags people to get things done.
- **Treasurer**:
  - In charge of finances.
  - Reimburses society members for expenses.
- **2nd year, 3rd year, Final year, Postgraduate and Old Person representatives**
  - Responsible for communication between their years and the Society, and promotes events to their year.
  - Run for the year you will be in *next* year.
  - Year reps are also responsible for any projects they take up throughout the year.
  - (Our 1st year rep is elected at our EGM in October.)
- **Technical Secretary**:
  - Maintains technical services and in charge of technical setup for events.
  - Experience with server management is recommended.
- **Social Secretary**:
  - Plans and organises our social events i.e. our pub nights, bowling, etc.
  - Books venues for our social events.
  - Sets up and heads the committee to organise the ball.
- **Hackathon Secretary**:
  - In charge of the HackSIG subcommittee.
  - Organises hackathons throughout the year.
  - Finds suitable hackathons the society can attend and organises those events.
  - Limited to previous team members of Hack the Burgh.

#### What you need to do:

- Send vicepresident@comp-soc.com your manifesto (max 200 words) **by Tuesday 4pm 19th March 2019**
- [Make sure you have CompSoc membership.](/join) You cannot run for election without membership.
- Prepare your speech. Length is 2 minutes for executive roles (President, VP, Secretary, Treasurer) and 1 minute for the other roles.

There are also constitutional amendments, some required by EUSA, which can be found here: https://github.com/compsoc-edinburgh/constitution/pulls.

See you soon,

CompSoc <3 You!
