---
title: "March AGM 2020"
author: chefyeum 
---

During [our last STMU of the year](https://www.facebook.com/events/511212792850976/) (6pm, 11th March) we will be holding our AGM, and this means we need a new committee!

The positions available are as follows:

- **President**:
  - Responsible for the overall conduct of the society.
  - Willing to dedicate a lot of time.
- **Vice-President**:
  - Organises monthly STMUs (including sponsor seeking and food & drinks).
  - Oversees working with our SIGs (Special Interest Groups).
  - Helps the society with everything.
- **Secretary**:
  - Responsible for the administration of the society
  - Publicising events by newsletters, social media etc
  - Writing minutes & preparing agendas for AGM, EGM, and weekly meetings
  - Society merches
- **Treasurer**:
  - Accountable to the committee and members for the finances of the society
  - Reimburses society members for expenses
  - Writing annual financial report
- **2nd year, 3rd year, Final year, Postgraduate and Old Person representatives**
  - Responsible for communication between their years and the Society, and promotes events to their year.
  - Year reps are also responsible for any projects they take up throughout the year.
  - (Note that 1st year rep is elected at our EGM in October.)
- **Technical Secretary**:
  - Maintains technical services and in charge of technical setup for events.
  - Experience with server management is recommended.
- **Social Secretary**:
  - Plans and organises our social events i.e. our pub nights, bowling, etc.
  - Sets up and heads the committee to organise the ball.
- **Graphics Designer**:
  - Responsible for the creation of art, logos, and other designs required by the society for events, merchandise, and other promotional material.

#### Running for a position?

- Send vicepresident@comp-soc.com your manifesto (PDF of max 200 words) **by Friday 4pm 6th March 2020** specifying your full name and the role in the title.
- [Make sure you have CompSoc membership.](/join) You cannot run or vote for election without membership.
- Prepare your speech. Length is 2 minutes for executive roles (President, VP, Secretary, Treasurer) and 1 minute for the other roles.

There will also be votes for any constitutional amendments required by EUSA. Visit the [GitHub Repository for the constitution](https://github.com/compsoc-edinburgh/constitution/pulls) to propose or to see proposed changes

CompSoc <3 You!

