---
title: "AGM 2024 - Call for manifestos"
author: VinceKaj
excerpt_separator: "<!--See More-->"
---

### Manifestos and the programme are now up!!

[Click here to view them.](https://comp-soc.com/blog/2024/03/20/2024-agm-manifestos.html)

### Original post below

In the second half of our next STMU (<time datetime="2024-04-03 18:00Z">18:00, 3rd of April</time>), we will be holding our <abbr title="Annual General Meeting">AGM</abbr> where we vote for our new committee and any constitutional amendments.

The positions available are: President, Vice-President, Secretary, Treasurer, Technical Secretary, Social Secretary, Social Media Officer, Graphics Designer, 2nd Year Representative, 3rd Year Representative, 4th Year Representative, Old Person Representative, and EDI Rep.

We also have a new open position - **Social Media officer**!

See the following for descriptions of each position.
<!--See More-->
- **President**:
  - Responsible for the overall conduct of the society.
  - Responsible for facilitating communication between CompSoc and our sponsors.
  - Willing to dedicate a lot of time.

- **Vice-President**:
  - Organises monthly STMUs and other miscellaneous events with our sponsors.
  - Oversees working with our SIGs (Special Interest Groups).

- **Secretary**:
  - Responsible for the administration of the society
  - Publicising events by newsletters, social media etc
  - Writing minutes & preparing agendas for AGM, EGM, and weekly meetings
  - Society merch

- **Treasurer**:
  - Accountable to the committee and members for the finances of the society
  - Reimburses society members for expenses
  - Writing annual financial report

- **2nd year, 3rd year, 4th year, and Old Person representatives**
  - Responsible for communication between their years and the Society, and promotes events to their year.
  - Year reps are also responsible for any projects they take up throughout the year.
  - (Note that 1st year rep is elected at our EGM in October.)

- **Technical Secretary**:
  - Maintains technical services and in charge of technical setup for events.
  - Experience with server management is recommended.

- **Social Secretary**:
  - Plans and organises our social events i.e. our pub nights, bowling, etc.

- **Social Media Officer (New role!)**
  - In charge of social media accounts!

- **Graphic Designer**:
  - Responsible for the creation of art, logos, and other designs required by the society for events, merchandise, and other promotional material.

- **EDI Rep**
  - Implements initiatives to broaden inclusivity at CompSoc
  - Ensures communication and events at CompSoc are inclusive
  - Act as a confidential point-of-contact for EDI-related issues


### Want to run for a position?

- Send committee@comp-soc.com your manifesto (PDF of max 200 words) **by Tuesday, 2nd April 2024** specifying your full name and the role in the title.
- Prepare a speech. Length is 2 minutes for executive roles (President, VP, Secretary, Treasurer) and 1 minute for the other roles. You may get asked questions afterwards.

### Constitutional Amendments

We have a big consitution ammendment:
1. [Constitution change](https://github.com/compsoc-edinburgh/constitution/pull/42)

Highlights:
  * Updated list of committee roles
  * Provided more comprehensive guidelines for SIGs and SIG leaders
  * Detailed committee voting procedures
  * Added impeachment procedures
  * Added section on Discord team structure and policies
  * Added dispute resolution procedures
  * Added society dissolution guidelines

CompSoc <3 You!
