---
date: 2016-03-22 6pm
---
This week's meeting covers the committee handover.

**Present**:

Craig Ross, Andreea Cucu, Lisa Xie, Simon Vahr, Vesko Stefanov, Martynas Grigonis, Erin Nolan, Viktorija Lukosiute, Benedetta Mussati, Susanne Koster, William Mathewson, Aw Young Qingzhou, Michael Ahari (not committee)


**Agenda**:

* Clarify people's roles
	* Old committee explained their roles to new committee.
* Account handover (Drive)
	* Email history retained
	* Andreea needs access to hers for a little while longer to wrap up HTB
* Money handover (Martynas)
	* Have to go to Santander in Morningside
* New Years
	* We will be putting on a tab
* Dutch people
	* 15th - 23rd April
	* From University of Groningen
* Sponsorship tiers
	* Need to be reformed, more clear
	* Ask for more money
	* Small perk to returning sponsors
	* Lowest tier only for local / startups
* Communication
	* Use a CompSoc page, not a chat for most things
* CompSoc cupboard and administrative thing
	* Society Address:
		```
		Informatics Forum
		10 Crichton Street
		EH8 9AB Edinburgh
		```
	* Spring clean of the cupboard
	* New website SIG - PASSED 6-0
* Contact details of important people
	* Margaret Acton
	* Suzanne Perry
	* Bjorn Franke
* How to assign email responsibilities
	* Some way of dividing the stuff
* EGM - September
	* Election of 1st and 4th year rep
	* Amendment to allow for debit cards
	* Only two speakers