---
date: 2016-11-09 6pm
---
Minutes for the third meeting of Semester 1, 2016-17.

**Present**:

Viktorija Lukosiute, Susanne Koster, Qais Patankar, Joshua Green, Aw Qingzhao, Martynas Grigonis, Raymond (not committee)

**Agenda**:

* **Hoodies**: first years
	* Need to get submissions in!
	* This needs to be done by 2nd semester
* **Invoices sent to..?**
	* Bloomberg (_done!_)
	* JPMorgan for pizza (_done!_)
	* Martynas needs to message MLH Tim
* Sponsors need to go up on the website
* Napier want to do more joint events
* Reimbursements
* Strongarm A/T to get us a room

**Events**:

* Snow is falling... ðŸŽ„ Prize ideas?
* STMU is next Wednesday (16th)
	* Event needs to be created
	* Jammy needs to be contacted
	* King is not responding.
	* Sumdog is on board.
* Microsoft event next week?
* Hackathon Hackers EU dinner - 28th November
* GitHub workshop w/ Hoppers - 29th November
* HTB: Where's Erin?
* Help needed to move Bloomberg boxes (t-shirts etc.) from Informatics Forum to Forrest Hill
* **January STMU**: Need to confirm with ARM
* **Christmas Quiz**: Perhaps get SIGs to do extra stuff?