---
date: 2016-11-23 6pm
---
Minutes for the last meeting of 2016.

**Present**:

Joshua Green, Viktorija Lukosiute, Qais Patankar, Martynas Grigonis, Benedetta Mussati, Susanne Koster, Aw Young Qingzhuo

**Agenda**:

* Website
	* Get it done especially sponsors, images and details are in the drive
	* Add Viktorija to the GitHub org + Qingzhou
* Jan STMU
	* ARM is still ok
	* Jammy/Brocade are doing stuff
* Christmas Quiz ðŸŽ„
	* More questions
	* Yay mic and technician 
	* SIGINT themed round
	* Need 40 people at least for bar
		* Maybe have a tab?
	* Prizes
		* Main prize?
		* Maybe other prizes??
	* How fast is the ISS?
		* Apparently itâ€™s km/s not km/h, thanks Susanne.
*	Sponsors
	* Waiting for Amazon
	* Everyone else seems to have paid
* Money is _ok_
* `ceilingcat`
	* Possibly making it our mascot
	* Paper craft branding?
* Erin & HackSIG: Too busy being missing
* Salads: Benedetta is sharing her salad recipe
* Hack the Burgh
	* Maybe Viktorija takes the lead
	* Need to recruit some people: 2nd years from last year
	* Talk to Blackrock and/or IF for hosting
* Merchandise: sell T-Shirts and stuff
