---
date: 2016-10-26 6pm
---
Minutes for the second meeting of Semester 1, 2016-17.

**Present**:

Viktorija Lukosiute, Erin Pigeon, Qais Patankar, Aw Qingzhuo, Martynas Grigonis, Josh Green

**Agenda**:

* GitHub
	* They may be lenient about us using [Octocat](https://octodex.github.com/)
	* GH is running an experiment - tech community training people to get GH to help our community
		* Suggestions needed for pretty things to say
		* What happens if there are disagreements? Are these documented? Erin will check the constitution
		* 2nd semester - give us octocat stickers!
* **Fresher’s input**. Hoodie design competition? Must be safe for work. Back of the hoodies, quirky.. geeky? 
	* Post on Facebook or send to our email
	* Can we do something to get people hyped?
	* Winner gets a free hoodie!

**Events**:

* Get HackSig people (_deadline_: November 19th)
* Microsoft: room booked from 6 to 9pm, 3rd November
* STMU - Aw:
	* Sumdog & King have been spoken to
	* Microsoft is in touch
* [Google Hash Code](https://hashcode.withgoogle.com/) is on 23rd February 2017
	* ILW is Feb 20-24
	* We are not registered yet! First waiting for a response from Hoppers
* What about the [Smart Data Hack](http://smartdatahack.org/)?
* Wednesday engineer’s fair - ReactJS from 1 till half 3 - with Lunch!
* Christmas 🎄
	* ~~Christmas dinner~~ / ~~Ceilidh~~: too expensive
	* Secret santa?
	* Informatics ball? -> _InfBall_ (2nd semester, "not a compulsory black tie ball")
	* Pub crawl? -> Christmas music with christmassy snacks (how would this work in a crawl?)
	* Christmas quiz? -> Teviot. Microphones need to be sorted out.
