---
date: 2016-09-26 1pm
---
This week's meeting was attended by two members not in the committee.

**Present**:

Viktorija Lukosiute, Aw Young Qingzhou, Joshua Green, Benedetta Mussati, Susanne Koster, Andreea Cucu (not committee), Lisa Xie (not committee)

**Agenda**:

* Weekly (depending on the need) committee meetings on Wednesdays, 6pm-7pm, confirm with the rest
* Bringing back CompSoc socials every two weeks or so after the meeting, most probably at Southsider
* Lisa and Andreea signed the bank documents, transferring accounts to Vik and Martin (in-progress), need to remove Harjyot as well.
* Reviewed security based SIG proposal, need a voting (online?) 
* Make hoodies (3rd year is the charm!) with custom user text possible.
* Ordering membership cards and t-shirts is a priority, send proposal asap
* Mailing list and newsletter needs to be discussed with Simon
* Mini Hacks, getting back at JPMorgan needs to be discussed with Erin

**Events**:

* Amazon confirmed for STMU 
* Get back to Bloomberg to confirm details for STMU, CodeCon, t-shirts/cards etc.
* Get in touch with KING for their event (URGENT)
* MLH event needs a venue, maybe Dining Hall?
* ARM hackathon happening(?) around January, Kings Buildings need to get all info
	* Erin, they would pay for January STMU pizza, including sponsors?
* Christmas dinner, fancy one, how many people would be interested
	* Look into something fancy but not too expensive 