---
date: 2017-10-11 7pm
---

**Present**

Angus Shaw, Qais Patankar, Elena Lapė, Ginte Petrulionyte, Harry Reeder, Viktorija Lukosiute, Joshua Green

**Stickers**

- Vik will order tonight

**Cards**

- Vik has emailed Dave and is waiting for a response
- Front and back of card are (semi-) finalised
- Will not arrive in time for next week’s STMU
- Will arrive for the one after next
- Could use spare previous ones in the meantime?
  - Handing out two separate batches of cards would be confusing

**STMU**

- Next week’s one
- Problem of determining who is a member for bar tab
- Amazon is sponsoring our drinks for (currently unconfirmed)
- Loft bar?
  - tab is needed in advance
- Whistlestop?
  - 20% off, plus £3 ciders and £3.50 drinks
  - Can send out e-tabs
  - Potentially unreliable, need a smartphone/need to remember to do so

**Social stuff**
  - Xmas dinner/end of year party dates
  - Need Nick, who isn’t here

**Library**
  - Books left over from Forrest Hill
  - 10 more books have been donated
  - We need a librarian to lend them out
  - Angus will do so
    - Collect student number

**NetSIG**
- Have been voted in but don’t have an official name
- Official name
- NetSIG or SIGnet?
  - Forcing them to change their name might be heavy-handed
  - Leader says he is happy to change name, but Group does not want to change name
  - How strongly do people feel about it?
  - Consensus is we should let them stay as SIGnet

**Local Hack Day**
- 2nd December
  - Day after last lecture
- Vik will (can be) running it
- Only deadline is 8th December
- Somewhere in Appleton would be the best idea
  - Room?
  - Robotics lab? Do we have access?
  - Get a big room to make it feel like one event

**Hacktoberfest**
- Open source thing next week
- Stickers will arrive in time for it
- Get some snacks for it as well, nothing too big

**PreHack**
- Harry still happy to organise it
- Harry, Will, Joe can do talks
- Will also put out a call for other speakers
- Date?
  - Plenty happening in 1st semester, 
  - 2nd weekend in Feb at the latest
  - Before people are too deep into coursework

**UKIEPC**
- Who can enter?
  - Inf or all?
  - Just INF - easier to run, department might be happier, could provide prize
- All - would be in line with organiser’s guidelines
- Ask the organisers and the Department

