---
date: 2018-11-23  4pm 
---

**Present:** 
Elspeth Smith, Joao Maio, Patrick Kage, Likhitha Sai, Tony Duggan, Kyle Cotton, Sadiq Baidani (ISoc)


**Event in conjunction with ISoc**
- movie screening regarding the inventor of algorithms or something. 
- "Sounds good": ISoc president's opinion on the event. 
- Halaal event.

**Finances** 
- Current committee now has access to the bank account officially. 
- Trying to get access to more committee members (Treasurer and Secretary)
- Treasurer will start work on monthly report of our finances.
- Start work on annual report over Christmas.
- Issue refunds to members that paid £5 this year

**Membership cards!**
- use for RFID/QR feature discussed, agreed that there are not enough benefits to justify the additional costs.
- will have 350-400 cards
- Order for example batch already ordered.
- Look into bringing more benefits to membership. Currently have discounts for merchandise and participation in voting where we actually check membership. 

**CompSocks!** 
- planning to get them before exams. Should cost £2-3 per pair.
- give out for free but ask for a donation to a charity. Humble Bundle model £1 minimum (£2 for non-members, with optional FREE membership)
- Turing Trust Charity or poll. (or tech-related charities)
- Constitutional clause to donate membership to a charity if under certain threshold.

**InfCeilidh**
- Looking into booking from January (can't book before then)
- ceilidhsoc for music
- To be held in teviot
- address to the haggis and to the committee

**CompSoc goes Ice Skating**
- Next Friday
- ~£8 per person
- 50 max

**Local Hack Day**
- prize along with certificate for winners
- talk with Viktorija from previous CompSoc leadership about previous LHD
- advertise more
