---
date: 2018-10-25 6pm
---

**Present:**
Elspeth Smith, Rokas Gudaviskus, Mo Javad, Joao Maio, Patrick Kage, Tony Duggan, Likhitha Sai, Kyle Cotton, Elena Lape

**Ceilidh and InfBall**
- Looking at Venues for the InfBall
    - Neil Heatley has a list of approved discount venues that we should look into.
- Ceilidh should have a burns supper added on to it.
- Elspeth will be talking to the Haggis.
- Ceilidh would be Late-Jan/Early-Feb.

**Argos Pub Quiz**
- Event date either 9th or 6th of November.
- Venue is Bar50.
- Send out the event in a newsletter  to advertise.
- Advertise on the Facebook group and page.
- Marketing aimed at students in penultimate year.

**Local Hack Day**
- Taking place on Saturday from 10:30AM - 11PM.
- Start resources page is up.
    - Page includes back-end, front-end, ML, blockchain, etc.
    - Will include lists of Open Source projects that students can work on.
    - Patrick needs to add extra resources.
    - Possibly put some things for inspirations of students.

**Hack The Burgh**
- Committee will be Athiya, Alan, Viktor, Elspeth, Elena, Bianca(possible), Vivek, Sanvith(possible).
- Union Of Genius has blacklisted us because of miscommunication on our part last year.
- We are also not going with University Caterers.
- JPMorgan and SquarePoint Capital have become our gold sponsors.

**Business in Tech**
- Speeches from Microsoft and Accenture.
- A panel being moderated by Don Sannella.
- We have decided to give glasses of wine to attendees.

**NewsBytes and CompSoc Website**
- Suggested by Caterina in last year's election.
- Try and get it up and running at the beginning of the semester.
- Thanks Joao.
- The website will need to be redeveloped.
    - Visual Overhaul
    - Content and layout changes.

**Merchandise**
- Membership Cards
- CompSocks
- Stickers
- Mugs
- Pint Glasses
- T-Shirts

**Event Ideas by Tony**
- Pub Nights
    - November
- Pub Quiz
- Pub Crawl
- Beering and Gearing
- Bowling
    - November
- Paintball
- Trampolining
- Board Game Night
