---
date: 2019-10-31 6:00pm
---
**Present**:
Kyle Cotton, Lars Thalian Morstad, Dee Yeum, Athiya Deviyai, Patrick Kage, Alan Paul, Lorenzo Baldini, Samuel Macleod, Alexandra Purcarea, Ryan Schuller, Findlay Smith, Gwion ap Rheinallt, George Gilligan, Guneet.

**Agenda**:
* SIGquant SIG proposal:
	* Tailors to both STEM and other students.
	* Prepared 8-week syllabus with a Trading 	competition at the end. Aiming for 15-20 people.
	* Concerned with FinTech. 
* Finance rundown
	* Projected spending sheet has been made.
	* We can spare ca. £3000 for HTB, ca.£3000 for infball and ca. £5,500 unassigned. 
	* We are fine for money.
* New Sponsors
	* Optiver is a gold sponsor and Modulr is a silver sponsor. Contracts have been sent out. 
* HTB
	* Modulr and Optiver are CompSoc sponsors at HTB this year.
	* HTB is getting £3k from CompSoc. 
	* Sponsors have been confirmed.
	* Still missing some responsible people.
* SIGINT
	* Large CTF for UK universities.
	* Would be expensive, but many potential sponsors.
	* Replaces an event which is no longer running. Fills a niche.
	* Many interested parties, the school, companies and the government. 
	* Can potentially compete with HtB, but the target audience is different.
* Workshops and LHD: Build
	* Samuel can potentially run
	* We need concrete suggestions for workshops
* ScotQuan
	* EUSA associated social enterprise. 
	* Some potential branding and money issues.
	* Problems: payment, name changes.  
* Merch
	* Membership Card. Circuit board design was chosen and Appleton tower on the back. 

**TODO**
* Talk to Neil about suppliers. 
* Keep track of SIGINT event
* Order membership cards
* Finalize hoodies 


