
---
date: 2019-05-10 4pm
---
Meeting with HackSig

**Present**
Findlay Smith, Patrick Kage, Kyle Cotton, Dee Yeum, Lorenzo Baldini, Rokas Gudavičius, Sanvith Varma, Vivek Raja, Yannick Nelson, Elena Lape.

**Agenda**:
* Sponsorship
  *  Kyle and Lars are done now, will be starting that
  * Findley needs to give me the pres email
  * Need access to last years templates
 * Sigs
    * Give a deadline to pick up LawTech.
   * Future of LawTech, SigCoin, SigNet
* New Commitee Positions
  * Recruitment/Social Media role - Probably not needed
  * However, we do need to take more pictures in events. We can appoint people to take phone pictures on the day. 
  * Graphic designer - Let Moe do the graphic design until the EGM.
* Freshers
  * How will we get in contact with them, make sure the new fresher groupchats are active. 
  * Send emails with info to potential freshers.
  * Inform them about the society
* Social Events & Social Partnerships
  * Partners
    * Pear Tree, St Andrews Brewing co, McSorley's.
    * Social Sec will message different pubs and inquire.
  * Pub Crawl
* Hackathons
  * CompSoc run.
  * Possibly Hack Sig
  * Moving HTB to October. Means it is easier for students to get summer internships and sponsors prefer it. 
* CS Essentials
  * basic and more advanced Linux commands, bash scripting, LaTex etc.
  * Have a line of basic and more advanced events.
  * Coding sessions
 * Internal communication, consider using something other than slack. 
* Turing trust donation
  * Compsoc will be donating a sizeable amount of money to Turing trust from membership fees, merch etc.
  * There was also agreed to donate an amount of the money left over from HTB as well. However this was not mentioned in the HTB, money sheets etc. Needs to be pinned down by the 23rd. 
  * One idea is donating a smaller amount and use the rest for the next HTB. 
  * Another is donating a larger amount(500-1000 Pounds). The stance is that HTB is entitled to more money. 

* Finally, asking people from CompSoc to help out with HTB.
  * Patrick wants to continue what he did last year, with help form Kyle. 
 
** Votes **: 
* Voted to create the committee position of Graphic Designer, with Mohammad Javad as position holder. Unanimous. 




