---
date: 2020-02-06 6:30pm
---
**Present**:
Kyle Cotton, Lars Thalian Morstad, Dee Yeum, Lorenzo Baldini, Elspeth Smith, Ryan Schuller, Gwion ap Rheinallt, Lauren Graham, Rokas Gudavicius, Ryan Schuller ,  Kim Stonehouse, Patrick Kage, Yannik Nelson, Athiya Deviyani, Alan Paul, Samuel Macleod.  

**Agenda**
* HTB Update
	* Barclays confirmed as platinum sponsor.
	* Need to clarify intersection between CompSoc and HtB sponsorships. There has especially been trouble with Optiver. 
	* Venue: AT confirmed,  still no reply about Gordon Aikman. 
	* Planning to accept 230 people, with a split between AT and IF, with workshops in the LTs.
* INFball Update
	* Budget looks good, might need to cut because of external factors. Cuts will likely not be larger than ca. £200. 
	* Neil/ the school could potentially help out with paying for things like staff tickets. 
	* Graphics for the Facebook page.
	* Invite staff soon. 
* Socials
	* Revs Bub quiz.
	* Games Night with GameSoc. 
* Notes from TechSec
	* Moving email designer. 
	* New static asset server.
	* We've adopted ScotQuans digital infrastructure.
* Merch
	* Subsidizing hoodies: £15 per hoodie, CompSoc donated £1 to Turing Trust per hoodie.
* PWNed sponsor issue
	* SIGint has taken on a potentially controversial sponsor, which might cause trouble with EUSA.
	* This is a subsidiary of BAE systems. 
	* There was a student who emailed in with some issues with this sponsor, and took it up with EUSA. Might turn into a protest.
	* Negative press might affect CompSoc.
	* The event will probably go forwards without BAE, but will be a lot worse. 
	* Might avoid BAE as a sponsor in the following years.
	* Might be sanctions from EUSA. 
	* There has been a suggestion to move the event to be co-hosted by the Inf department, so it's technically not a EUSA associated event.
* Event with EEE.
* Hash code
	* Hosting with Hoppers, will split pizza cost with us.
	* Need to talk about the specifics of cost splitting.
* Sponsors need to be talked more about, both when they are considered and when they are signed on.
* SIGnet is not active at all. The leader should be contacted. 
* The commercial law society is trying to merge many law society into one. Might be issues with this and LawTech. 

**TODO**
* Clarify contracts and how CompSoc sponsorships and HtB sponsorships interact. 

**Votes**
Vote to keep BAE systems on as a sponsor:
* 9 for 
* 3 against
BAE will be allowed to continue sponsoring the PWNed event.

