---
date: 2020-02-27 6:30pm
---
**Present**:
Kyle Cotton, Lars Thalian Morstad, Dee Yeum,  Yannik Nelson, Athiya Deviyani, Alan Paul, Alexandra Purcarea, Samuel Macleod, Patrick Kage, Gwion ao Rheinallt, George Gilligan, Kim Stonehouse, Ryan Schuller. 

**Agenda**
*  Discussion of how the committee is run, and how the Slack should be moderated. 
* SigInt Finances.
	* Payment from sponsors has been slow. They are likely sponsoring PWNed next year so payment will likely come through soon.
	* SIGint want to use some of the leftover money on hardware to do security research. They will keep the sponsorship money.
	* SIGint will still have the founder's feast. CompSoc will subsidize this.
	* The commitee needs to be better at responding to slack messages.
* InfBall.
	* The school has offered to pay about £500 to support the event. The money should be spent mostly on staff tickets.
	* Neil has also suggested some staff to invite. Some additional staff has also been suggested by the committee. 
	* Ticketing system has been made. Should be tested so tickets can be sold soon. Details should be finalized soon.
* HTB.
	* Due to the occupation the AT booking has been cancelled. For a lot of reasons having the event there is not good. May be legal, sponsor and personal issues. May make attendants uncomfortable.  
	* More people can be fit in the IF, so we will likely fit anyone who would have been in AT. 
	* The occupiers have agreed to retreat to the upper floors. However this is too big of a risk, as it depends on personal whims of the occupiers. 
	* Sponsor swag has arrived and shopping has been done. 
	* CompSoc challenge has been decided.
	* Still some details about risk assessment and banners/ merch to sort out.
	* The organizers for next year have to be selected.
* Strikes. 
	* The occupiers wanted us to publish that we "negotiated" with them. 
* AGM
	* Will be lecture shout out for new committee members. Deadline is by Friday 4pm 6th March 2020.
* CreateED
	* The event has been downsized by a lot. 
	* CompSoc were initially "open to sponsoring", however this doesn't mean we are definitely sponsoring.  
