---
date: 2020-01-23 7:30pm
---
**Present**:
Kyle Cotton, Lars Thalian Morstad, Keito Ido, Findlay Smith, Alan Paul, Samuel Macleod, Patrick Kage, George Gilligan.

**Agenda**
* SIGint Sponsor, needs contracts
* SIGint event is going well. Finances are under control.
* HtB
	* Money is looking a lot better after some issues earlier. More sponsors in the pipeline.
	* Might need to have fewer participants
	* Some issues with the intersection between CompSoc/ HtB contract tiers. This is now resolved.
	* Over 300 have applied already.
	* MLH registration, happening soon hopefully. 
* ScotQuan
	* Transferring ScotQuan website to CompSoc
	* Possibilities for workshops
* Merch and Epay page going well. Should be done soon.
* Discussion about meetings and meting structure. Suggestion that committee members should always be actively encouraged to come to all meetings, and a suggested change to meeting structure.

**TODO**
* Make a proper translation between HtB and CompSoc tiers.
* Set up PayPal for CompSoc

