---
date: 2020-10-26 7:00pm
---

**Present**
Alexandra Purcarea, Tudor Finaru, Anabel Yong, Ananya Majumdar, Artemis Livingstone, Ryan Schuller, Findlay Smith, Patrick Kage (SIGWeb), Daniel Kirkman, Samuel Macleod, Lars Thalian Morstad, Rokas Gudavicius

**Agenda**
* Welcome new committee members
* Donations
* Upcoming events

**Discussion and Decisions**
* New members:
  * New treasurer = Anabel Yong
	* New 1st year rep = Artemis Livingstone
	* Encouraged to read constitution and familiarise with SIG structure.
* Discord needs to be promoted further as it is now being used as primary mode of communication -> put it on the website homepage.
* It is getting difficult to keep track of events => better coordination on the Google calendar is required, and adequate descriptions must be added with event details.
* Calendar Later was discussed? Blocker: Kyle
* RSS feed for calendar to Discord hasn't worked so far, but if it can be made to work the committee is happy to adopt this.
* Secretary: needs to get instagram and twitter accounts back up and running.
* Feedback survey: to be posted (social sec)
* AcFam Adoption Night was a success - attendees are keep for regular events of similar formats
* Budget surplus inciting donation conversation:
  * Particular causes we are keen to support include, but are not limited to, computer science promotion and support in primary schools.
	* Links for suggested causes were supplied, to be added.
	* To decide on who to donate to, a curated poll (similar to that used when Turing Trust was selected) could be used to also engage members
	* President has made a Slack thread for committee members to post suggestions of causes in one place
	* We could get involved with CodeDojo in more than a purely monetary capacity
	* Discussion RE: lump sum donation amount still pending
	* All outstanding debts as of this date are currently settled
	* Pay received from Optiver and G-Research
	* For lump sum donation: suggestion of multiple smaller installments, possibly to different recipients, was suggested and supported. This can then be spaced out to accommodate upcoming costs/financial uncertainty
* Secretary: news on website needs to be updated
