---
date: 2020-11-16 7:00pm
---

**Present**
Alexandra Purcarea, Tudor Finaru, Anabel Yong, Ananya Majumdar, Artemis Livingstone, Ryan Schuller, Daniel Kirkman, Lars Thalian Morstad, Rokas Gudavicius, Ammir Barakat

**Agenda**
* Pronoun roles on Discord
* AcFam Family Feud
* STMU
* G-Research coding challenge
* Christmas Events

**Discussion and Decisions**
* G-Research event moved to 2020-12-03 because not many people signed up for the event, but it is limited to students in their final two years only.
* STMU by Transfer Wise: no response from company, so if still no communication by Friday then Ananya will speak about biotech as a student speaker. Allie is okay to postpone event to next Friday, and Tudor to make FB event and add to Google calendar.
* Family Feud: could make a league, form to find out family availabilities, to be done by Ananya
* Christmas events:
  * Due to lockdown, lots of freshers haven't been able to form strong friendships/groups and will be stuck alone in Edinburgh on Christmas day so we could set up Discord on the day to give people a space to drop in
  * Cook-along - Alex: there is a society that has a weekly bake-along, could be done a few days before Christmas
  * Christmas movie watch-along: could do joint with Glasgow CompSoc, and create poll to decide which movies to watch. Maybe collaboratively with another society if appropriate depending on movie?
  * Committee secret santa -> Ananya, reddit matching
  * Recruit volunteers to provide food/entertainment for children throughout Edinburgh during festive period
  * Presents to those in Edinburgh? E.g. postcards/socks
* Pronoun roles: no opposition, Artemis is on it
* Nord VPN: nominal cost to the society, then free to students. Alex has meeting tomorrow.
* Cafe partnership supported, Ananya to enquire further
* SigINT planning to do a big event soon
* CompSoc will be doing the introductions for the next 2 Debias workshops with WiSTEM -> Alex
