---
date: 01/12/2022
---

# Call to Order

This meeting took place at 17:00 on the 1st of February, lead by
President Ben McConovile.

# Sederunt

## Sponsors

ShowCode offered £500 for us to create a page on their site. More
information is needed and we are expected to get \>= 100 members to
register. Would be nice to help improve finances, but there is doubt
over how to get members to register. It's useful but possibly
unnecessary. Could be used in workshops. HTB has replied to all
sponsorship emails, need to add them to the GitHub team. Meta has
contacted us today about invoicing.

## Hack the Burgh

Contact between CompSoc and HTB has been less than stellar, with
messages not being replied to in the committee chat and emails not being
replied to, with sponsors being left to wait for considerable amounts of
time. They're looking for h a minimum of £5000

## STMU Feedback

We ordered way too much pizza, not the biggest issue but the waste is
bad. Add information on rough timescales of STMU attendance and timing.
Get pricing for all the pizza, cups and drinks.

## Upcoming Social Events

**Event 1:** January STMU on the 18th.

**Event 2:** Christmas Market Walk

## Potential Events

-   Sporting events in Semester 2.

-   Browser/Editor Wars (Week beginning 7th November)

-   Coding/Gaming Workshops

-   Hack Week

-   CV/Interview workshop

-   Obscure language workshops

-   Movie night

-   Board Game Night

# Adjournment

Ben adjourns the meeting at 18:00
Minutes taken by: Maya Copeland
