---
date: 2022-04-06 5:00pm
---

**Present:** Arty. L, Charlotte. A, Mikey. A, Yuto. T, Ammir. M, Ben. M, Innes. E, Amy. Y, Kshitij. S, Krzysztof. G, Callum. L


* Financial report:
  * Alex & Karthik handling
  * Yuto sending out HEAR stuff in the next week
  * Alex & Arty working on reregistration

* Events:
  * Optiver too late, not really worth running another this year
  * Pub night following week
  * Infball week after
  * BBQ/Bake sale for charity soon - Alex & Paula

* Sponsors:
  * New recruiting manager for Google
  * Contact with slack through qais
  * SIGs contacted for deck blurb. Will also discuss tiers, etc
  * Most Emailing to start after exams (couple weeks into may)

* Handover:
  * Individual Meetings in next couple weeks
  * Handover to be done by June, in contact longer for executive
  * Will give email address password & share for a bit longer
  * Office bearer training.
  * Hand santander signatures over.
  * Try other events
  * Try planning things far in advance, and offering companies STMU slots.

* SIGs:
  * TARDIS paid for 6 months, committee's decision if they want to continue.
  * Possible gamedevsig revival.
