---
date: 03/11/2022
---

# Call to Order

This meeting took place at 17:05 on the 3rd of November, lead by
president Ben McConville.

# Sederunt

## Following up on Last Meeting's Minutes

Going over HackTheBurgh, Ben was supposed to have a meeting today but
she didn't turn up, hoping to hear back soon. October 25th STMU,
expenses were £130 for food, £15 for soft drinks, Secretary handover has
been complete. Prepare November 13th STMU Talk \[name tbd.\]. Normal
person for STMU isn't there but maybe find someone else who is already
contracted with the university. Successful Halloween, get expenses. Pub
quiz, should start next few weeks, can just go to Teviot afterwards as
we're not expecting many people to stick around. We're looking to get
Nerf guns for an event. Meeting with GResearch planned, get new CompSoc
flags. Begin research some more hoodie designs.

## Update on Sponsors

Meeting with Sainsbury's banks, Google, GResearch and Blackrock. These
are for hack the burgh, speaking to Lita from informatics over multiple
ways to sponsor CompSoc, through Edinburgh Innovations. Running
different hackathons and giving money to the winner to fund different
projects, to work more closely with CompSoc, she is offering us the Bay
Centre or Inf Forum, bringing Edinburgh Innovations to a CompSoc SIG.
Maybe push the health tech society to be a SIG, but they are looking for
us to help run a hackathon. Sponsorship money has been fulfilled, around
the same amount as the previous President.

## Banking Updates

Getting Alex to call Santander to update details, trying to get the
process sped up.

## Secret Santa

Use the website always used for Secret Santa to plan out gifts and gift
giving.

## EUSA Bookings

EUSA Bookings aren't happy at us not using them for any events, as the
main venue has always been available.

## Upcoming Social Events

**Event 1:** CompSoc watching the fireworks show at Calton Hill on the
5th. Meeting at 7:30 at AT or 8:00 ontop of Calton Hill. Everyone will
go to Teviot after.

**Event 2:** November STMU on the 30th. Give out the last of old
CompSoc merch at STMU. Dylan and Accenture are doing talks at the STMU.
Information unknown currently.\
**Event 3:** CompSoc Christmas Market. Planning for CompSoc to meetup
and travel around this year's Christmas Market.

## Potential Events

-   Sporting events in Semester 2.

-   Browser/Editor Wars (Week beginning 7th November)

-   Coding/Gaming Workshops

-   Hack Week

-   CV/Interview workshop

-   Obscure language workshops

# Adjournment

Ben adjourns the meeting at 17:54.\
Minutes taken by: Maya Copeland
