---
date: 10/11/2022
---

# Call to Order

This meeting took place at $17:00$ on the $10$^th^ of November, lead by
president Ben McConville.

# Sederunt

## Hack The Burgh Updates

Contact has been made, and planning has begun. Meetings will be setup
and Lita will join later on. HTB Team has had their first meeting, and
are looking into room bookings. Finance team is looking to reach out to
sponsors for financing the event and prizes. Lita is possibly looking
into getting into a partnership with HTB. Will be updated in future.

## SIGINT Updates

Does SIGINT exist as a part of CompSoc or is it seen as an external
Society, especially as there is a lot of recent feelings within SIGINT
that CompSoc hasn't been helping out a lot with things such as finances,
and event support. More clarity is needed on what SIGINT can do within
CompSoc. There are things such as advertisement that are feeling
underwhelming, such as needing more help with advertising events,
getting finances easier. There are feelings of \"ignoring\" and \"not
being taken care of\" by SIGINT Ben whenever questions are put towards
CompSoc.

## Banking Updates

All documents have been sent off, and we're waiting to hear back from
Santander, the process has been long and annoying though. Hoping to have
it in time to change how the handover works for future committees to be
not run into the same issues. SIGINT are looking to possibly move to
their own bank account.

## Collaboration with Lita for future events

The entrepreneurship scheme within CompSoc will be a SIG. Lita will be a
staff sponsor for whenever CompSoc needs to talk to the University. Will
host a hackathon and then announce a EntrepreneurshipSIG election. It is
supposed to inspire creativity and entrepreneurship as classes such as
SDP aren't working as they are easily forgotten.

## Upcoming Social Events

**Event 2:** November STMU on the 13^th^. Give out the last of old
CompSoc merch at STMU. Dylan and Accenture are doing talks at the STMU. Information has been given now \
**Event 3:** CompSoc Christmas Market. Planning for CompSoc to meetup
and travel around this year's Christmas Market.

## Potential Events

-   Sporting events in Semester 2.

-   Browser/Editor Wars (Week beginning 7th November)

-   Coding/Gaming Workshops

-   Hack Week

-   CV/Interview workshop

-   Obscure language workshops

-   Editor wars

-   Movie night

-   Board Game Night

# Adjournment

Ben McConville adjourns the meeting at $18:02$.\
Minutes taken by: Maya Copeland
