# Call to Order

This meeting took place at 17:00 on the 19th of January, lead by
President Ben McConnoville.

# Sederunt

## CompSoc events

Bar50 has offered to sponsor events, giving members cheaper drinks, will
require us to hold events in their pub, probably booking rooms and such.
We need to get back to them and let them know of our interest. There's a
hackathon going on, which we've tried to get a place to do it for
CompSoc members. We've been given the infball invitation and want to
invite members of staff, a maximum amount of 10, with people such as
Neil, Bjoern etc.

## HTB Updates

HTB has started posting social media updates, having a lot of
interactions by people from other universities. HTB has quotes from
providers, they need help setting up things and Jacob has been helping,
they need a step-by-step. Registration will be out Monday, they can hold
about 200 people. Compsoc have been asked for funding, we're waiting on
Sophie to give help with funding. Sainsburys bank is sponsoring the
event, giving £1500, theres a lot of sponsors showing interest. Barclays
is also interested, giving £6500. They're using Informatics Forum.

## STMU Plan

Since SIGINT is booking inf forum around the time we'd likely be hosting
a STMU, we may need to go elsewhere for the event. We don't have Optum
for the STMU, we have a speaker from the University, the talk is \"Web
games: the fast-food of video gaming\". We have a few sponsors wanting
to give talks too, which should give us the STMU time for the year.

## Upcoming Social Events

**Event 1:** STMU **Event 2:** Pub night

## Potential Events

-   Sporting events in Semester 2.

-   Browser/Editor Wars (Week beginning 7th November)

-   Coding/Gaming Workshops

-   Hack Week

-   CV/Interview workshop

-   Obscure language workshops

-   Movie night

-   Board Game Night

# Adjournment

Ben McConnovile adjourns the meeting at 18:09.
Minutes taken by: Maya Copeland
