---
date: 15/09/2024 12:00
---

## **Attendees:**
- Vincent
- Godfrey
- Elisa
- Marton
- Agam
- Anastasia
- Lewis
- Cat
- Tomas
- Fergus
- Chris
- Charlotte
- Ryan
- Eugene
- Arty
- Ol
- Said
- Codrin

## **Agenda:** Braistorming Session

## 1. **Why did we join CompSoc?**
- Share passions (3 votes)
- Practice working in a business environment (5 votes)
- Expand horizons and do new things (5 votes)
- Be social (9 votes)
- Inspire people (3 votes)
- Share passion for the field (3 votes)
- Fun (4 votes)
- Drama or making memories (1 vote)
- Adding to CV (1 vote)
- Enjoy organising events (8 votes)
- Grow community for students (4 votes)
- Give back to the community (1 vote)
- Pizza (1 vote)

## 2. **Main Ideas**
1. Meeting people
2. Organising events (help younger students gain skills, more people, increase funds, reach the level of ETH Zurich, Hexacon (technical events), Rentech (quant firm), IC Hack, EPFL)
3. Practise for the business environment
4. Try new things
5. Grow community

## 3. **What does CompSoc solve?**
- We solve the problem of a lack of community (in terms of meeting people and technical learning).
- Filling in education that uni doesn’t cover.
- We create connections with the industry through sponsors at events and graduate network.
- We write the experience of students.
- We make events less intimidating (create teams for stuff to create a space for technical and new people, get the committee to talk to other people).

## 4. **Why is CompSoc effective?**
- We have a high attendance
- People have gotten jobs through compsoc
- Sponsors give us money so we bring them value (attendees at events, applications, show success)

## 5. **Welcome Week Recap**
- Arthurs's seat hike was successful with about 80 people showing up.
- The pub crawl and brunch went well.
- Could’ve used more communication for transparency with who is running certain things.
- The committee should check discord at events for location and stuff (respond to social sec).
- We need to use a centralised Google Drive for the use of committee planning to make sure info is correct and easy to find. Make sure there is a single source of truth.

## 6. **How to use Year Reps**
- Use year reps during compulsory courses to make announcements about CompSoc.
- Message lecturers to get a QR code on the first lecture slide.

## 7. **School of Informatics Discussion**
- We can help the school by improving student satisfaction.
- Do surveys on student satisfaction.
- Implement experiential learning?
- Ask for a joint room with Infpals.

## 8. **Metrics to be Tracked**
- Instagram metrics.
- Attendance at events.
- Survey responses (write survey soon).
- Pizzas eaten.
- Units of merch sold.

## 9. **Action Items**
- Write a survey to be given out.