---
date: 07/05/2024 16:00
---

**Attendees:** Vincent, Godfrey, Ali, Agam, Anastasia, Krzysztof, Chives, Lewis, Lucas, Leo, Jacob, Said, Cat, Tomas, Aurora, Ol (proxy), Amy (proxy), Charlotte (proxy), Fergus (proxy).

## Agenda 1: Discuss next VP
- Vincent opens the meeting with greetings.
- Proposal to hold an election in October for the VP position with an interim VP for the summer. Marton is proposed as interim VP.
- Ali volunteers to continue VP responsibilities until October.
- Marton is asked questions about what he would do as VP.
  - Marton’s take on VP role: impartial mediator within the committee, liaison with SIGS.
  - Marton’s conflict resolution approach: keep communication channels open, transparency.
  - Marton suggests online Q&A during STMUs through wooclap.
  - Confirmation of willingness to contact speakers over the summer.
- Consideration of alternative candidates, but decision to proceed with October election.
- The committee reaches a quorum as 11/12 of the quorum committee is present, exceeding the 75% necessary.
- Vote passes for Marton as interim VP with 14/15 voting yes.

## Agenda 2: BBQ Plans
- Discussion on scheduling BBQ, preference for weekend.
- Proposal for 19th.
- Consideration of ticketing and logistics, rejection of portobello.
- Anastasia assigned to manage BBQ, Lewis responsible for poster.
- Location suggestion: the meadows with disposable grills, inclusion of veggie options.
- Decision on 19th for BBQ.
- Agam to set up an instagram poll for interest and dates.
- Consideration of switching BBQ to a general party for easier setup and management.
- Ultimately no decisions set in stone and discussion will continue separately.

## Agenda 3: Merch
- Discussion on committee merch, agreement on hoodies with committee positions.
- Mention of CompSoc flag.
- Proposal to set up a website for merch orders.
- Agreement of setting up stand on welcome week and at the first EGM to have sample merch available to order.
- No explicit agreement from all committee members on the topic. Unofficial vote by raising hands was used.

## Miscellaneous:
- Mention of academic families idea run by Neil and Fiona and conversation regarding details ensues.
- Proposal to promote CompSoc discord to incoming students using relations with the School of Informatics.
- Proposal for two co-directors for HTB, committee and non-committee.
- Proposal to stagger freshers events for better management, i.e. SIGs running events during 2nd and 3rd weeks.
- Consideration of timing events relative to InfPal tour to maximise attendance as people will be in Appleton anyway.
