---
date: 03/06/2024 18:00
---

## **Attendees:**
- Vincent
- Godfrey
- Ali
- Marton
- Chives
- Fergus (GameDevSIG)
- Artemis (SIGINT)
- Codrin (TypeSIG)
- Said (CCSIG)
- Eugene (BitSIG)
- Alex (QuantSIG)
- Ol (Tardis Project)
- Juin (CloudSIG)
- Pascual (Edinburgh AI)

## **Agenda:** SIG Meeting 

## **Handbook:**
- Vincent runs through main reasons for SIG handbook being made.
- Some small details are brought up.
- Tardis plans to keep their bank account for next year as a trial.
- Bank accounts for SIGs is brought up and SIGs are free to make their own account.
- Option exists for SIGs to borrow CompSoc debit cards during busy times.
- Vote on handbook to be done online this Friday, 7th June.


## **Merch:**
- SIGs are urged to decide on selling merch soon to be included in CompSoc’s bulk buying.
- SIG merch, especially committee hoodies make it easier to recognise SIGs.
- Request for SIG budgets to be released before they decide about spending their budget on hoodies.
- Merch designs must be sent to Vincent by start of July.


## **Welcome Week:**
- Possible scrapbook idea for getting stickers from each SIG and best scrapbook wins a prize.
- Possibility for Lewis to design SIG stickers for those without their own graphics designer, however this is up to Lewis’ workload.
- SIGs can use the calendar system to organise events with minimal clashes.
- Sticker deigns must be sent to Vincent by start of July.
- SIGs should let Vincent know by Wednesday what events they would like to run during welcome week.


## **Miscellaneous:**
- The SIG fair will most likely be held during week 1.
- Discussion around using the internal wiki leads to agreement on creating discord channel to link to the wiki.
- SIGINT to restrict access to security labs.
- The current channel structure is to be changed so that only SIG Presidents have that role, other important SIG members will have distinct roles and discord permissions will be re-evaluated.
- CompSoc Consolidated calendar should be used for events.
- Private CompSoc calendar can be used and SIG Presidents will be added to this.
- Cat will make a new calendar with each SIG having their own calendar and own colour assigned.

## **Action Items:**
- Each SIG to make their sticker design to send to Marton by start of July.
- Each SIG to make their hoodie design to send to Marton by start of July.
- Vincent to send SIGs their budget by end of week.
- SIGs to decide their welcome week activities and send to Anastasia.
- Marton to change roles for SIG Presidents.
- Marton to make channel to link to internal wiki.
- SIGs to update the CompSoc Consolidated calendar with their events.
- Vote on handbook to be done on Friday, 7th June.