---
date: 22/05/2024 18:00
---

**Attendees:**

- Vincent
- Godfrey
- Chives
- Krzysztof
- Marton
- Charlotte
- Lewis
- Cat
- Fergus (Proxy)
- Yuto (Proxy)
- Lucas (Proxy)
- Ali (Proxy)
- Arin (Proxy)
- Anastasia (Proxy)
- Agam (Proxy)
- Edinburgh AI (Proxy)
- CloudSIG (Proxy)
- TypeSIG (Proxy)

### **Meeting Agenda: BitSIG Proposal** ###

**1. Introduction to BitSIG:**

- Focus areas include System Architecture, Embedded and Operating Systems, Computer Networks, Concurrent, Parallel, and Distributed Computing.
- Emphasis on both practical and theoretical workshops for newcomers.

**2. Proposed Activities:**

- **Workshops:** Practical project to build a keyboard using only binary inputs (1 and 0) and writing a driver for it as one example.
- **BitTalk:** Sessions for both beginners and experts featuring talks by professors and experts.
- **BitDiscuss:** Sessions for both beginners and experts involving discussing academic papers.
- **Social Events:** Regular social gatherings with pizza and pub visits.

**3. ByteTalk:**

- Plan to organise a technical conference named ByteTalk.

**4. Regular Events:**

- Intention to run biweekly technical and social events.

**5. Sponsorship and Networking:**

- Plans to approach ICSA, School of Informatics, and EPCC for sponsorship.
- Strategy to cold email big tech companies for additional support.

**6. Committee Composition:**

- Current committee comprises 5 members, all first-year students.
- Query raised about gauging interest from other year groups for committee positions. Eugene confirmed that no outreach has been done yet.
- Plan to recruit 3rd and 4th-year students for committee roles in the future.

**7. Event Style and Timing:**

- Aim to make theoretical events engaging and avoid a lecture-style format, though this may be adjusted as needed.
- Welcome Week events are currently undecided; activities are likely to start post-Welcome Week.
- Intent to network with lecturers for collaboration, especially for the Intro to Computer Systems course.

**8. Voting on Proposals:**

- A vote was conducted on BitSIG.
- Quorum: 11/13 core committee present as well as 2/3 executive committee so a quorum is reached.
- Result: Vote was unanimous **for** the addition of BitSIG.

**9. Other Matters:**

- Discussion on potentially moving the website to be hosted by Tardis.
- Consideration of whether a follow-up meeting over the summer is needed. Possible meetings in August to plan for Welcome Week.
